flow: Add support for filtering stages to loki.process component (#2758)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.process.md

`source`      | `string`  | Name from extracted data to parse. If empty, uses the log message.  | `""`    | no

The `expression` field needs to be a RE2 regex string. Every capture group (re)
is set into the extracted map, so it must be named like: `(?P<name>re)`. The

> name of the capture group is then used as the key in the extracted map.

Author: I've removed the (re) thing, as it was mainly confusing. This is how this reads now, is it any clearer?

```
The `expression` field must be a RE2 regex string. Every matched capture
group is added to the extracted map, so it must be named like: `(?P<name>re)`.
The name of the capture group is then used as the key in the extracted map for the 
matched value.
```

Because of how River treats backslashes in double-quoted strings, all

> backslashes in an `expression` must be escaped like `"\\S+"`.

Reviewer: Would it be clearer to have `backslashes in an `expression` must be escaped with double backslash `\\` for example `"\\S+"``

Escaped like feels like you are showing that have to put more than \\ instead of calling it out specifically as an example.

Author: I've removed the reference to 'double-quoted' strings, as River only has that kind. How does that read now?

```
Because of how River strings work, any backslashes in `expression` must be
formatted as a double backslash; for example `"\\w"` or `"\\S+"`.
```

> backslashes in an `expression` must be escaped like `"\\S+"`.

Author: I've removed the reference to 'double-quoted' strings, as River only has that kind. How does that read now?

```
Because of how River strings work, any backslashes in `expression` must be
formatted as a double backslash; for example `"\\w"` or `"\\S+"`.
```

> backslashes in an `expression` must be escaped like `"\\S+"`.

Reviewer: Looks good

entry, and the final output stage changes the log line from the original
JSON to `hello, world!`.

### match block

The `match` inner block configures a filtering stage that can conditionally
either apply a nested set of processing stages or drop an entry when a log
entry matches a configurable LogQL stream selector and filter expressions.

The following arguments are supported:

Name            | Type      | Description                                                         | Default | Required
--------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | --------
`selector`      | `string`  | The LogQL stream selector and filter expressions to use.            |         | yes
`pipeline_name` | `string`  | A custom name to use for the nested pipeline.                       | `""`    | no

> `action`        | `string`  | The action to take when the selector matches the log line. Supported values are "keep" and "drop" | `"keep"` | no

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`action`        | `string`  | The action to take when the selector matches the log line. Supported values are `"keep"` and `"drop"` | `"keep"` | no
```

Reviewer 2: Made these consistent with other occurrences.

> `drop_counter_reason` | `string` | A custom reason to report for dropped lines.                   | `"match_stage"` | no 

Reviewer: I assume there is a limit on length here? Should we define it.

Author: You mean a limit on the length of the custom reason to report? Not sure about that, should be the maximum label length allowed by Loki, I'l look into it.

The `match` block supports a number of `stage` inner blocks, same as
the top-level one. These are used to construct the  nested set of stages to run
if the selector matches the labels and content of the log entries.

The following blocks are supported inside the definition of `stage > match`:

Hierarchy      | Block      | Description | Required
-------------- | ---------- | ----------- | --------
stage          | [stage][]  | Processing stage to run. | no

If the specified action is `"drop"`, the metric

> `loki_process_dropped_lines_total` is incremented with every line dropped.
> By default, the reason label is `match_stage`, but a custom reason can be
> provided by using the `drop_counter_reason` argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`loki_process_dropped_lines_total` is incremented with every line dropped.
By default, the reason label is `"match_stage"`, but a custom reason can be
provided by using the `drop_counter_reason` argument.
```

> If the specified action is `"drop"`, the metric
> `loki_process_dropped_lines_total` is incremented with every line dropped.
> By default, the reason label is `match_stage`, but a custom reason can be
> provided by using the `drop_counter_reason` argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the specified action is `"drop"`, the metric
`loki_process_dropped_lines_total` is incremented with every line dropped.
By default, the reason label is `"match_stage"`, but a custom reason can be
provided by using the `drop_counter_reason` argument.
```

```
{ "time":"2023-01-18T17:08:41+00:00", "app":"foo", "component": ["parser","type"], "level" : "WARN", "message" : "app1 log line" }
{ "time":"2023-01-18T17:08:42+00:00", "app":"bar", "component": ["parser","type"], "level" : "ERROR", "message" : "foo noisy error" }

stage {
	json {
		expressions = { "appname" = "app" }
	}
}

stage {
	labels {
		values = { "applbl" = "appname" }
	}
}

stage {
	match {
		selector = '{applbl="foo"}'
		stage {
			json {
				expressions = { "msg" = "message" }
			}
		}
	}
}

stage {
	match {
		selector = '{applbl="qux"}'
		stage {
			json {
				expressions = { "msg" = "msg" }
			}
		}
	}
}

stage {
	match {
		selector = '{applbl="bar"} |~ ".*noisy error.*"'
		action   = "drop"

		drop_counter_reason = "discard_noisy_errors"
	}
}

stage {
	output {
		source = "msg"
	}
}
```

The first two stages parse the log lines as JSON, decode the `app` value into
the shared extracted map as `appname`, and use its value as the `applbl` label.

The third stage uses the LogQL selector to only execute the nested stages on
lines where the `applbl="foo"`. So, for the first line, the nested JSON stage
adds `msg="app1 log line"` into the extracted map.

> The fourth stage uses the LogQL selector to only execute on lines where
> `applbl="qux"`; that means it won't match on any of our input, and the nested
> json stage does not run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The fourth stage uses the LogQL selector to only execute on lines where
`applbl="qux"`; that means it won't match any of the input, and the nested
JSON stage does not run.
```

> The fifth stage drops any entries from on lines where `applbl` is set to
> 'bar' and the line contents that matches the regex `.*noisy error.*`. It also
> increments the `loki_process_dropped_lines_total` metric with a label
> reason="discard_noisy_errors".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The fifth stage drops entries from lines where `applbl` is set to
'bar' and the line contents match the regex `.*noisy error.*`. It also
increments the `loki_process_dropped_lines_total` metric with a label
`drop_counter_reason="discard_noisy_errors"`.
```

Reviewer 2: This paragraph was confusing. Not sure my suggestion captures it correctly.

> The final output stage changes the contents of the log line to be the value of
> `msg` from the extracted map. In this case, the first log entry's content is
> is changed to `app1 log line`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The final output stage changes the contents of the log line to be the value of
`msg` from the extracted map. In this case, the first log entry's content is
changed to `app1 log line`.
```

--------------------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | --------- | --------
`source`              | `string`   | Name from extracted data to parse. If empty or not defined, it uses the log message.    | `""` | no
`expression`          | `string`   | A valid RE2 regular expression. | `""` | no
`value`               | `string`   | If both `source` and `value` are specified, the stage drops lines where `value` exactly matches the source content. | `""` | no
`older_than`          | `duration` | If specified, the stage drops lines whose timestamp is older than the current time minus this duration. | `""` | no
`longer_than`         | `string`   | If specified, the stage drops lines whose size exceeds the configured value. | `""` | no
`drop_counter_reason` | `string`   | A custom reason to report for dropped lines. | `"drop_stage"` | no

The `expression` field needs to be a RE2 regex string. If `source` is empty or
not provided, the regex attempts to match the log line itself. If source is
provided, the regex attempts to match the corresponding value from the
extracted map.

> On the other hand, the `value` field can only work with values from the
> extracted map, and must be specified together with `source`. Entries are
> dropped when there is an exact match between the two.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `value` field can only work with values from the
extracted map, and must be specified together with `source`. Entries are
dropped when there is an exact match between the two.
```

> Whenever an entry is dropped, the metric `loki_process_dropped_lines_total`
> is incremented. By default, the reason label is `drop_stage`, but a custom
> one can be provided by using the `drop_counter_reason` argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever an entry is dropped, the metric `loki_process_dropped_lines_total`
is incremented. By default, the reason label is set to `drop_stage`, but you can
provide a custom label using the `drop_counter_reason` argument.
```

The following stage drops log entries that contain the word `debug` _and_ are
longer than 1KB.

```
stage {
	drop {
		expression  = ".*debug.*"
		longer_than = "1KB"
	}
}
```

The following stages drop entries that are 24h or older, are longer than

> 8KB, _or_ the extracted value of 'app' is equal to foo.

Reviewer 2: I think you should say why there's an OR here -- because there are multiple `drop` blocks.

```
stage {
	drop {
		older_than  = "24h"
		drop_reason = "too old"
	}
}

stage {
	drop {
		older_than  = "8KB"

> 		longer_than = "too long"

Reviewer: Should this be `drop_reason`?
